Welcome back. Now we
talk about regression.
This is the last of the three
supervised learning algorithms
we are going to cover.
So let's have a very quick
review of high-school algebra.
So, Y equals C,
C now is a constant.
If I have coordinates
like this X and Y.
Y equal C that means X
is out of the picture.
So we just have this.
This is the C So in this case,
Y equals Beta zero
plus Beta one times X.
What is this?, It is X and Y.
So, we can randomly just pick
one, something like this.
Okay. So, this one says,
this is Beta zero when X
equals zero so it's here,
then beta one is
the slope of this line.
But now let's look at this
as the learning problem.
We have data points here.
Then we try to use
this line to approximate
the function we want to learn.
Then, we have some errors.
Right?. So, that's why we write
this in terms of Y minus,
it's the left-hand side minus
the right-hand side
there's a error.
So how do we do?.
So we just say we have error now,
so we need to make
sure whatever we do,
the error should be minimized.
How can we do that?. Well,
the data sets that we have.
So now we have propersumer
approximation.
In this case, I have
so many data points.
But I want to find a simple model
to explain all of
these data points.
In this case, the simplest
one I can say Y equals Beta zero.
So Beta zero now it is
a parameter I want to estimate.
So I just to move
along this Y axis.
Right?. I can do this.
It's very good that
you see for all of
these data points errors is
small but not good for
this error points.
So if I do this here then
the problem is reversed.
Then good for these data points
not good for this data points.
So obviously there is
an optimal data line.
Somewhere here, I can minimize
the total number of errors.
So, this is like approximation
I tried to minimize the error.
Error equals Y minus beta zero.
More complicated case.
In this case,
I have also these data points.
Obviously, I cannot use
constant line to
approximate these points.
So, I can do this.
I can do this or I
can also do this.
Alright. Now my issue
is still epsilon
equals Y minus Beta
zero plus Beta 1X,
I want to minimize the error.
So if we use
this linear line here,
then this is the error.
Right?. You can
add this error.
So, we try to minimize
the error and by
finding Beta zero and Beta one.
Because now I have
so many data points,
I need another efficient
representation for learning.
This is the case.
Now in regression,
we have all these data points.
Of course I can find
a very complicated function
to fit all of these data points.
But is it necessary?
Is it good to do so?
Or we just use
the linear regression.
The linear regression
is just one line here.
It's a linear equation.
We can find one linear equation,
this is the pattern
we would like to
learn to fit all of
these data points.
Probably it can do a good job.
But if I also want to
more complicated one,
I can do this right?
You say what's wrong with this.
Now this is of course
not linear anymore.
One potential problem
is called over-fit.
We don't want to
over-fit our data
because we are performing
learning task.
For learning, we don't just
deal with what we have now.
We want to work on something
in the future we don't know.
In most cases,
a simple model works well.
So now when we have data points
more than one or two and many,
we can use a convenient
representation matrix
to represent.
So, the previous equation
we can rewrite into Y,
this is a vector and
X is a matrix and
W. Now these are the parameters
we want to estimate.
Then we also have epsilon,
this is the error.
So now we need to
minimize the error.
But error can be
positive or negative.
In the previous slide we can
see error can be
positive and negative.
That's why we usually either
use error square or
absolute values.
In this case we use
squares, the error squares.
So that they don't
cancel each other.
Because positive and negatives
errors do cancel each other.
Then we want to
minimize the error.
It's called the
least square method.
This method is so
popular and you can
find almost in
all software package.
So you just need to rewrite
the data into this form and pick
the error formula and
then you can find W,
W is a set of coefficients
we want to learn.
That's all for supervised
learning segment. Thank you.